Hey, good morning family.
Thank you for joining me today.
I'm excited you're here.
I have some things on my heart to talk about.
I just wanted to point out what the Lord did whenever we had our prayer time yesterday.
And you know, I never know what he's going to share.
It's just amazing whenever you start praying and the Lord starts revealing things of the future to you.
Less than 24 hours later, Trump announces his mineral deal.
And I told you all I saw President Trump—if you watch the prayer time—if you are skipping out on the prayer time just to hear me talk a little bit and not praying with us, you are missing out.
I encourage you to listen to the whole video, especially if you like to intercede and pray for the nations.
I believe the Lord has called us to this YouTube channel; the primary focus is 'Prayer Changes Things.
' And I believe we are changing things in nations.
Yesterday, I feel like we went through the whole world.
We were praying for elections and so many different things.
The Lord had so many things on his heart that he wanted to talk about yesterday, obviously.
But one of the major things was that I saw President Trump coming in.
He looked like Uncle Sam.
His hair was like it always is, but he had a patriotic outfit on—a red and white pinstripe suit and a stars and stripes jacket, like an American flag-looking jacket, and he had a top hat on.
He flew in on a jet plane—it looked like an F-16—into Ukraine in this vision.
Whenever he got there, he started negotiating.
I kept hearing in the spirit realm, 'The Art of the Deal, the Art of the Deal.
' He was making a deal yesterday with Zelensky and the Ukrainian people.
I'm just going to go over a little bit of it because there are many of you who do not watch the prayer time.
He was making a deal, and I saw him negotiating.
I saw minerals.
I could see mounds of dirt in the background in this vision.
I could see conveyor belts with the dirt moving, and then I could see fish coming from the ocean; they were flayed in half and looked like a fishing industry.
The Lord showed me the fishing industry and then bales of wheat that were all wrapped in bundles with a white-looking cloth.
They were the whole stems—the wheat grain and all of the stalks.
The back end of the wheat was pointing this way, and the ends of it that were cut were pointing in a bundle toward France.
I could see it pointing toward France, laying down.
The Lord was focusing my attention in the vision; I could see the round base of the stalks of the wheat wrapped in a bundle.
He said, 'Brandon, this is in play as you speak right now.
This is about to manifest.
' I could hear it echoing inside of me that this major mineral deal was about to take place.
Lo and behold, 24 hours later—after we uploaded that video that morning—they announced on the news that they had signed the mineral deal.
So, we saw a prophetic word that was a 24-hour turnaround.
That was a big deal to me because usually I wait months, or years sometimes, to see something, but I know there was an urgency to what we were praying over last night and interceding that this would get done—that this was a major domino.
Then I saw Vladimir Putin with North Korea in the background with Xi Jinping and his allies.
Vladimir Putin had a hand of red and white playing cards.
He had five cards in his hand.
They were big playing cards, and he was holding them out like a fan and hiding behind those cards, watching to see what was happening in Ukraine.
I saw the words 'World War III' in black letters across.
Then I remember the oil derrick—I think that was over the Mediterranean.
Yes, because there were so many things the Lord showed us yesterday, folks.
It was really interesting.
Then the Lord showed me Germany, France, and then NATO.
I saw an alliance.
I saw the land where Russia has taken over; I saw them taking control permanently over that land, trying to create a peace agreement within a four-year window.
I saw a time span waiting behind those cards.
But I heard the old USSR, the old Soviet Union, was with the KGB, and it was like roots inside Putin; he wants the whole thing, and he was looking for Kyiv.
He wants the whole Ukraine.
They were waiting for Trump to get out of the way.
He has a plan, and in this plan, it was more evil.
I could see the escalation of war.
He was watching behind his playing cards, trying to play poker.
A poker face.
I saw North Korea siding with China as an Asian front in the days ahead, using Korea as a lynchpin.
Eventually, I believe Kim Jong-un will be removed, and through his sister, there will be revival.
I saw riots starting to take place in China—which we see in the news now—but I saw riots becoming more mainstream despite efforts to hush them down.
Then it started to spread to other nations, like Canada, because of things that will be decided in the future that will be more suppressive, shutting up freedom of speech.
It will be more of a lockdown because of the way they think versus the way Christians think—great persecution coming to the Christians.
Now, we got the emails.
I don't mean to upset you all, but I have to speak what the Lord tells me to say regardless.
It's not easy for me.
I'm going to be real with you.
It's very hard to come on here and tell you these words when I know it's going to upset people.
Jeremiah had to do the same thing.
I know your heart, and I know my job is not to scare you but to prepare you.
I want to prepare you and sound the alarm as loud as I can for what the Spirit of the Lord is telling me to say, for I am accountable to him only, not to you.
Now you say, 'Well, Brandon, I don't agree with you.
' That's fine.
Do you know how many millions of people—literally, I would say probably 10,000 a month at least—say something because they don't agree with me?
They are more vocal than a lot of you are with the nasty emails.
But you know what?
I keep going because God said to.
Persecution comes for the word's sake.
You say I've missed it.
That's fine.
Keep watching.
You say you hear this prophet so-and-so saying this, and they say good things are coming to Canada and that there's going to be a flipping of the boat—that it's going to be uncovered just like it was in 2020.
Folks, the prophets—I'm going to be just real bold with you right now—the prophetic people who spoke and told you that Joe Biden was going to be removed and that President Trump and all the prophetic words and everything that was spoken in 2020 were false prophecies.
They missed it.
But a lot of them didn't have the guts to come on and say, "We missed it.
" Instead, they kept kicking it down, going with QAnon and all the things they said.
I'm not here to pick or poke at anybody; I'm here to tell you and shed light on things.
If I miss it, I'm very quick to come on here and say, "Listen, I missed it.
" I don't have anything to hide from you.
I don't answer to you; I answer to Him.
And if I get in the flesh and I hear something off, then by my goodness, I want to say, "God, correct me, but make me stronger and make me sharper to hear You in these end times.
" I'm not ashamed.
People pick at you all the time, but I'm telling you: I believe there are a lot of people telling you sugar-coated words about what is coming to Canada in the days ahead.
There will be a very big shaking in Canada—so much so that I saw an economic disaster.
As you see these birthing pains in America, the window of opportunity the Lord is giving us right now for the digital platform, we're seeing that all coming about.
And Eric Trump made an announcement about the banks and about the digital currency.
There's so much going on right now.
Trump is saying that he wants to eliminate the IRS.
What did I warn you about the IRS and the Iraqi dinar—about people not paying their taxes or doing what they're supposed to do because they get the sense that the IRS is going to be done away with?
But the Lord showed me there was a warning to that.
Now, if you don't want to listen, don't listen.
There's something there that's a catch; there's something there the Holy Spirit is trying to warn us about.
This is way before everybody was saying that anyone making below $200,000 is not going to have to pay taxes.
There's something more to this.
Why is the Lord warning me to tell you this way before they even started talking about this stuff?
And I'm like, "Okay, God, what are You saying in this?
What are You saying about what President Trump is saying?
What more is there to this, and why would You warn me about this?
" So, going back to the vision from last night, we see all these things taking place.
We see President Trump coming in now.
I saw him on an eagle, and he was flying out; he left on an eagle.
Then I saw negotiations with Israel and Hamas and what's going on with Gaza.
I saw, not a two-state solution, but the Temple being discussed—a peace treaty so that they could build the Temple Mount.
Then I saw major oil across the Mediterranean with an oil derrick dripping, meaning there is a lot of oil.
The Lord warned me about the oil, and that was part of the vision I had last night.
Then I saw the Middle East as a whole, and what I saw was Iraq rising from the ashes.
I saw new buildings and beautiful structures coming to Iraq: skyscrapers, shopping malls, and all kinds of new housing developments.
Beautiful things.
An economic boom is about to take place in Iraq.
A major flow of finances is coming to Iraq—huge money.
When I saw this, it was just like what's going on in Saudi Arabia.
I saw the economics shift from China and America to Iraq and the Middle East.
The Middle East becomes the breadbasket of the world financially.
The Lord said to me, "The beginning stages of the Antichrist are at hand.
" A superpower will rise out of all this as an economic hero—an economic hero, when all of the world's economies are crashing all around.
If you look at what the princes and the head people in Saudi Arabia—these rich billionaire men, these tycoon guys—they're all saying, "We're going digital; we want to sell, buy, and trade in these cryptocurrencies.
" I've seen this stuff; people are sending me things.
Look, it's all pointing to the Middle East.
So, as we see the Middle East rise up and start to become this super world power with Saudi Arabia, this is what's going to happen.
I've told you who I believe the Antichrist is.
We're seeing that he will play a major part in the days ahead with the temple agreement with Israel.
Israel is part of the Middle East, and we will see Israel rise as the blessing of Abraham.
God said, "Remember what I told you all?
I'm going to breathe on the Abrahamic covenant, showing the world that I am still the God over Israel, that He is the I AM THAT I AM.
" And I'm telling you: He's going to show up and show off to the Israeli people.
Watch what happens in the days ahead.
I saw fruit the size of baseballs—massive fruit, massive agriculture, prosperity over their land like you wouldn't believe.
Now, you might say, "Well, I'm not for Benjamin Netanyahu; I'm not for Benjamin Netanyahu.
I think he's evil because of what he did to the Palestinians and all this stuff.
" It has nothing to do with a leader; it has nothing to do with the head of the government.
This has to do with a covenant that was made with a people.
I want to say that again: it has nothing to do with the Israeli government.
You can disagree or agree with what they've done over there, but it's about the bloodline and the Jewish people.
It has nothing to do with politics.
It has to do with a covenant made thousands of years ago.
God is still acknowledging and holding true to the covenant He made with Abraham, saying, "I'm going to make you the father of many nations; I'm going to bless you for a thousand generations.
" What I'm telling you is it has nothing to do with Benjamin Netanyahu or the politics of Israel today.
Politics can change overnight, but what never changes is the Word of God and what He said He would do for His people, saying, "I stand by the covenant I made with Abraham.
" God is a God whose yeses are yeses and whose nos are nos.
He doesn't falter or move away from what He said He would do.
So, you need to know it has nothing to do with politics; it has everything to do with a covenant that God made.
He is not going to change His mind about a covenant He made because He is a God who does not lie.
Does that make sense to you all?
Somebody needs to shout, "Amen," at that!
I'm telling you, there is a covenant.
God has a covenant with you and me, the very covenant He made with every single one of you as you are adopted into Him by grace.
You are saved through faith as we turn ourselves from our sin and humble ourselves before a God who loves us and say, "God, I need You more than anything going on around me.
I need a God who will love me and take over my life.
I surrender myself over to You.
" And guess what happens?
That covenant He made with His Son's blood on that cross—He took it all for you.
He made a covenant the moment you take it.
This is covenant.
This communion cup is covenant.
Do you understand?
This is a covenant that what I took on my body, you don't need to have in your body.
What I did for you, you don't have to live in poverty.
I became poor that you might be rich.
I became sick that you might be healed.
I became everything that the devil has thrown at you since the beginning of time, since Adam fell.
Everything from mental torments to broken marriages, I took it all so you could have prosperity in the spirit realm.
That's covenant.
That's covenant talk.
This is covenant.
He said, "Do it often in remembrance of me.
" So the same covenant that was is still strong today for the Jewish people because they don't recognize Jesus yet.
They don't.
But God is a God of his word.
So we see the blessing on what I'm telling you.
We see a blessing coming on the oil, and we're going to see it coming out of the Mediterranean.
We're going to see it.
But as we see the Mahdi rise up, he will not rise up as poor.
He will not rise up as weak.
He's going to rise up as the world's superpower.
And the Lord spoke to me yesterday and he said, "Brandon, you are about to see the bread basket of the world—that first Babylon that fell—and now you will see Babylon rise again.
A major economic turnaround is coming to Iraq.
" And I saw brand new palm trees.
I saw it all, ladies and gentlemen.
And I saw wealth coming to the Middle East.
And as we see that, we know that this is the beginning of the true beginning.
He said, "Everything started in the Middle East with the Garden of Eden, and now it will end in the Middle East with the end of ends, the end times.
" The Jewish people—watch what God does in these days ahead.
So, I saw a deal being cut with a peace agreement in the days ahead with Trump, and the Prince of Saudi Arabia will be a big puppet master in this.
And folks, we're seeing it.
So, we're going to see the window.
I believe it.
So, thank you for joining me with my recap.
I just thought of what the Lord was showing us and what we see in the news today.
When Eric Trump said all that he said, we see that everybody's calling for a global recession; most believe it could be worse than a depression.
I truly believe that for the body of Christ, the best is yet to come.
And that's why I tried to explain to you yesterday when the Lord says to Diana and me and Braden, "Days of great fun are coming for y'all.
" I truly want you to understand what fun is to us.
And that's why I said that for the first time yesterday: what's fun to us is seeing the lost saved, casting out devils, laying hands on the sick, seeing blinded eyes open, having ears that can't hear, hear, raising the dead—doing all the things that the Great Commission told us to do when Jesus said, "Go into all the world.
" That's what's fun to us, isn't it, baby?
We're excited.
That's what fun is to us.
Now, most people say, "Well, fun to me is going shopping in Beverly Hills.
" My fun is I want to see a million people saved in a day.
My fun is I want to see a whole row of wheelchairs in front of a platform, everyone stand up at once and go, "Boop!
I'm healed.
I've been in a wheelchair my whole life.
I was quadriplegic.
Boop, I got healed.
" That is going to be the day that I'm looking forward to.
And I believe we're right on the cusp of it.
The greatest move of God that this world has ever seen is about to pour out on this earth like we've never seen before.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And as we see things shaking, as we see things changing, we are seeing new voices.
And the Lord said, "I'm bringing a prophetic accuracy to the prophetic movement, to the true men and women that are flowing in my spirit.
" You will see a true prophetic accuracy like you've never seen before in these generations—hearing and proclaiming what the Spirit of the Lord has told us to say with accuracy as we go vertical, staying like an eagle up in the sky, not down with the chickens.
Remember, I warned you all.
Don't listen to the roosters crowing and saying only what you have itching ears to hear: "Well, everything's going to be all right.
Well, we're having an America turnaround.
" Turn around in the next couple of years?
America is going to be great again?
Folks, we're in the end of the end.
If we are really in the end of the end, we're going to see a fading of America into a global new world order.
It's all being birthed in front of our faces—a new global world order, a digital dollar.
That's what's coming.
Not America becoming greater.
Us having a window of opportunity to get the wealth of the sinner so we can bring in the harvest.
He said, "I'm bringing in—" if you remember what Jesus said to me in that vision I had, he said, "Brandon, I'm giving you the harvesting equipment right now.
" And it was the glory of the Lord—the finances to get it done.
That's what this window's for.
How big is that window?
Some people say, "I'm believing for a door.
I'm going to live in the door.
" That sounds like my wife Diana.
She says, "Brandon, I want a door.
" I'm like, "Yeah, let's have a door, baby.
" She believes big.
To believe for the big, you know?
She's like, "Hey, let's believe for a door that's open.
" And I'm like, "Yeah, let's believe for it.
Got to make it bigger.
We'll stretch that window out.
Isn't that right, hun?
" Yes.
But we know that Jesus Christ is coming and he's coming back for a glorious church.
And I'm not trying to downplay people's words saying that it gets bad and then we come out of it and everything gets better.
Some people want to believe that.
That's fine.
All I know is I'm looking at what the Lord's saying to me and he's telling me he's coming.
He's coming.
And who was it?
Babe, somebody sent you a video from, what was that?
El Shaddai Ministries.
What was his name?
His name is Mark Biltz.
Yeah, Mark Biltz.
I say it right.
The blood moon man.
He said that he's talking about the four-year window of the Shemitah, which ends in 2029, fall of 2029.
And I keep telling you all, the Lord said, "I'm giving you a four-year window.
" What will you do with that four-year window?
An extension of grace for a harvest of souls.
And if that is ending in 2029 and he started talking about the 2029 window, he said the tribulation begins at the beginning of a Shemitah cycle for a seven-year cycle.
And he said if it doesn't happen in 2029, it will be extended clear into 2036.
Folks, I don't believe we have that long.
I believe we're out of here by 2029, somewhere around in there.
I'm just believing that, y'all—that we have that four-year window for a revival from this time and that God's given us this window for a wealth transfer, for a major harvest of souls.
And I do not believe that the revival will last for years and years.
I believe it's a small window revival, a small window for a great outpouring.
If you look at every single thing, people's attention span is not that long—is what I'm trying to say.
I just believe we're on the cusp of something great, that something is about to take place—it won't take them that long once they have that peace agreement to build this third temple.
People say, "Well, they're already starting to build it.
" I don't know.
I haven't seen anything on that, that there's a groundwork being done or anything.
All I know is that the Lord showed me it will be a quick thing and we're going to be out of here before you know it.
So, I pray this video blessed y'all today.
Did it bless you today, Diana?
Yes.
It's exciting.
She never knows what I'm going to say.
I told her, I said, "I feel this in my spirit.
I got to go out there and make a video.
" So, do you want to take communion with me?
You can take it on the other side.
All right.
We're going to take communion.
We're going to pray.
We're going to agree for big.
We're going to believe for the turnaround.
We're going to believe for exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think; today is the day that the Lord has made and we will rejoice and be glad in it.
Are we afraid of all the things that Brandon is saying?
No, it's not a call to fear.
It's a call to prayer.
And I just believe we're on the cusp of something huge—that we're seeing America come, and we're about to have our little golden age (what all these people are calling the golden age) for this little window—and then I believe we're getting ready to be shot like a rocket into the new tribulation.
Another area of birthing pains.
Glory to God.
This is an exciting time, not a sad time.
This is an amazing, rejoicing time, not a time of pulling back and shrinking back and going, "Well, Canada lost, Australia, all this stuff.
" Oh, who knows?
So, Father, we just lift up this body before you in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do; that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we are healed.
Now, Lord, we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we expect healing to manifest on us.
No headaches, no stomach bugs, no whatever you may be overcoming in your life today.
Jesus paid the price on that cross for you not to have to walk in sickness and disease.
That's what the Bible says, and I believe it, and I receive it by faith in the name of Jesus.
And we take this body and we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do in our lives today.
Father, it's done.
We receive it.
We thank you, Lord, for our future, that it looks better than our past.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Our future's bright, and we receive this body in Jesus' name.
Now Lord, we plead the blood over us and we thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We apply the blood of Jesus Christ over us.
And we thank you, Lord, that your blood cleanses us from all unrighteousness.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ today.
Thank you, Lord, that you washed us in the blood.
Thank you, Lord, that we go from glory to glory.
Like Diana's favorite song, "From Glory to Glory," he's changing you.
Do you believe that inside today?
From glory to glory where he's changing you.
Father, we thank you for the blood.
We apply the blood over our children, over our wives, our husbands, our finances.
We apply the blood and we thank you, Lord, that Satan cannot cross the bloodline.
We plead the blood of Jesus all around our houses, all around our cars, our whatever we have.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over us that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
And a curse without a cause cannot stand.
It cannot stand.
And it doesn't have a cause because the blood of Jesus reigns supreme over all of us.
Thank you, Lord.
From the top of our head to the soles of our feet, Lord, we plead the blood in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Thank you for taking communion with me.
You don't have to take it by yourself.
She's my hero behind the camera today.
We're excited, y'all.
Diana and I are excited.
We're expecting.
If we only have a four-year window—Diana, we talk about it all the time—if we only have a four-year window until the next Shemitah cycle, the next Shemitah cycle would be fall of 2029.
And Diana did the math for me and she told me, she said, "Brandon, do you realize fall of 2029—it'll go like a blink.
" I pray it's not 2036.
I mean, that seems like a long ways whenever you say 2036.
So, I'll feel like I'm getting old at that time, which I know I'm still not old, but 2036, it seems like a little longer, of course, because I just don't feel that.
I just feel that we're right there.
Let's just finish strong.
Regardless of whatever it is, let's finish strong.
I just thought it was a really interesting sermon somebody sent me from Mark Biltz.
Right.
El Shaddai Ministries.
I don't know if this man's a Jew or not, but I thought it was pretty cool.
One day maybe I can have him on; he can talk about some of this stuff.
I think it's cool.
Jonathan Cahn talks about it, too.
But I just go, "Wow.
" You know, I just think it's fascinating.
God is a God of order and everything is so mathematically perfect.
Everything he does is so perfect.
So it's just like, "Wow, God.
" He's an awesome God and he wows me.
Everything he does.
Diana, in her book—she got this new book, "Seeing Jesus"—the author wrote that book.
It's based supposedly not on a true story, but it's a fun book.
It's a fun read if you want to read it.
"Seeing Jesus" by who?
Jeffrey McClain Jones.
And so she read that book "Seeing Jesus," and it's just a fun read.
One of her favorites.
Well, he has a whole bunch of new books.
And so right now she's reading a book about the tribulation and the two witnesses.
I don't know; I haven't started it really yet.
She's about to start it.
She's a bookworm.
Diana, y'all, Diana can read a whole book.
She was bragging last night.
She told me, "Hey, baby, guess what?
I just finished reading the Bible.
" And I said, "Again?
" She reads it through all the time, but I'm just saying she's already finished reading the Bible through this year.
And for me, I don't read that fast, but I listen to it and she's in there.
I said, "Good for you, honey.
I'm so proud.
" So now she's going to read it again; she'll read it through twice this year.
Not that we're trying to flex, but I'm just proud of her.
I have to brag on her, y'all.
And because she's on that side and not sitting next to me, it makes it not as awkward.
So, she is a bookworm.
She reads a lot.
She reads lots and lots of books.
She can read a book in an afternoon and I go, "How do you do that and comprehend?
" She's flipping those pages.
It's pretty incredible, actually.
As I see her, she says, "I speed read.
" She's just like this, and she's done.
She goes, "I'm done.
" That fast.
"That was a good book.
I enjoyed that.
" So, it's our little funny thing because that's serious.
Well, I believe the best is yet to come.
Let's pray.
Let's pray for some things.
Let's see what the Lord has for us.
You know, I always try to make it easier for people who don't pray in the Holy Ghost.
And I try, but I like it when we see stuff.
And if the Lord wants to show us something, I want to be there to see it.
And when I'm praying in English, folks, it doesn't happen that way.
Every single time, isn't it, Diana?
Whenever I'm praying in the spirit and we pray as a family, if the Lord wants to show something, it's never in English.
He starts showing it when I'm praying in the spirit first, right?
Always.
And it's been that way since we've been married.
I've been seeing like this since I was 16 years old.
And the Lord started developing this when I was praying one day and I was interceding for a woman who was being abused.
I started seeing like this, and the fire hit my ears and my eyes.
My brother and I shared a bunk bed, and I was down, praying and interceding.
I was in there interceding for this woman, and all of a sudden, fire hit my head and my eyes, and I started seeing.
I didn't know what was going on with me; I just started seeing pictures, and it freaked me out the first time it happened because I was like, 'What is going on with me?
' I remember just feeling the anointing and the presence all over me.
I ran in and told my mom, my dad, and everybody, 'This is what I saw.
' They took note of it, thinking, 'Well, I'm sure people are thinking this kid is a little strange.
' Most people still do today, and I'm an adult.
But ever since then, it's just been coming.
It's been getting more and more, and I've learned how to look into it.
Whenever the Lord shows me, I can almost pause it and look into it to see what's going on.
It's very interesting.
The more I pray and seek the Lord, the more it grows.
Now Diana is starting to see, and it's exciting to have your wife see things; she'll come and say, 'This is what I saw in the spirit.
' The Lord told me, 'I'm going to start dealing with your wife this way.
' But she's more shy about it.
She's not as upfront about telling everybody yet.
She'll get there, but she sees things.
The Lord will show her things, doesn't he, baby?
Yeah.
It feels like it's more personal to me.
He corrects those he loves, and I'm still a work in progress.
I know I'm constantly singing that song, 'He's Changing Me.
' He's going from glory to glory, and he's showing her.
It's exciting times.
I love it.
It's like I said, 'Thank God.
It's cool.
' I'm just excited to have a wife now who is seeing and hearing things, and her gift is growing inside of her just like it is with me.
We're all going from glory to glory.
I just go, 'Wow, Lord.
Thank you.
' People say, 'Brandon, do you see stuff all the time?
' No, I don't—not every day—but I hear him all the time.
He talks to me.
We have a relationship.
Now, is it an audible voice?
No.
He doesn't go, 'Brandon, how are you doing today?
' It's not like that.
It's that still, small voice inside of you, and I've learned to yield and hear him.
It's the same thing with Diana.
She'll come in, pray, and tell me, 'This is what the Lord says,' and every time it's spot-on accurate.
I look at her and I go—but he talks to her differently.
What's interesting to me is that he talks to me very simply because I'm simple, but he talks to her in a very educated way.
The vocabulary he uses with her is way off the charts.
I go, 'What does that even mean?
' because she's very smart.
She graduated with a 4.
0 in college and has a Master's degree in accounting.
He talks to her in an analytical and theological way, and I go, 'Okay, cool.
' But it's beautiful.
It's so poetic in the way he talks to her.
She'll write it down, and I'll be like, 'Wow.
' But not every day do I see something.
I always hear him, and he talks to me.
I try to tell people God is always talking, but we have to shut ourselves up to listen.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He will talk to you all the time.
You just have too much 'self' in the way.
The more you die and become little in your own eyes, the more God becomes big.
Right, babe?
Absolutely.
Most people say, 'I've never heard God before.
' Get smaller.
Get smaller.
God will rule and reign over that.
Say, 'God, I yield myself.
' All that being said, let's pray.
I know I like to go on a side journey and rush through things, but we're just real and we like having fun, enjoying life, and enjoying our kids.
I let you all in a little at a time, talking about how we have a normal life, working, and having family.
Family is important to us.
All right, let's pray.
Father, we just yield ourselves to you.
We humble ourselves before you.
Father, I thank you for your covenant and your communion with us, and that you forgive us of our sins.
Thank you, Lord, that we enter into your throne boldly.
Holy Spirit, if you have anything to show us, if there's anything that needs to come as a warning, we're always quick to hear and quick to see.
Father, I bind demonic spirits so that we are never snared by any demonic voice, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic presence.
I plead the blood over my spiritual eyes again today, that I see only what the Father is telling me and I only hear what the Father is saying.
Father, I thank you that no familiar spirit gets involved and that he's not able to torment, hinder, or harm me, or take me in a wrong direction.
Thank you, Father, that I'm always yielded and filled with control by the Holy Spirit.
We know you could use anybody, so it's not us; it's all about you and what you choose to do.
Thank you, Lord, for choosing me today.
Thank you, Lord, that you've chosen, Father.
I thank you that you're raising up men and women of God to do mighty works in these last days.
I thank you that this channel is a pillar in the end-time army to help raise up a generation of unbelievers and weak babies.
Father, we would teach them how to be the meat babies and they will be strong adults very soon.
You'll take them from point A to point Z quickly in Jesus' name.
It will not take years for them to grow into adult stature spiritually, but they'll have an accelerated growth.
Right, babe?
Yes, accelerated growth.
Thank you, Father.
So, Father, we just pray in the spirit.
We believe for marriages to be restored and households to be strong again.
Strife is out of the homes, and joy is in the homes.
We call in the wayward children in the name of Jesus and people who are bound by satanic, demonic spirits.
We thank you, Lord, that they're free in Jesus' name.
We thank you for the healing power that flows on the inside of them from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
We thank you that no weapon formed against them shall prosper.
They are not mentally tormented by satanic or demonic spirits.
Father, I thank you that when they lay their head on a pillow, they sleep soundly.
They have peace that passes all understanding.
You give your beloved restful sleep.
Thank you, Lord.
We pray over their epinephrine, cortisol levels, and hormone levels, and we say they are normal in Jesus' name.
Their thyroids are normal, and their minds and pituitary glands are normal and functioning as they're supposed to.
We speak to Hashimoto's.
We speak to the fibromyalgia and lupus, and we call healing, wholeness, and wellness over autoimmune diseases; we say you go now in the name of Jesus.
Be thou whole.
Be thou well in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that they are no longer bound by autoimmune diseases.
A lot of it has to do with our bad environments, Lord.
And I thank you, Lord, that you said we could drink any deadly thing and it would not harm us; we could eat any deadly thing and it would not harm us.
We thank you, Lord, that we breathe the air and the soil and all the things they're poisonous with, Father, and that it will not touch us; our bodies will repel it like a raincoat.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for people—that they live long and finish strong: the grandmas and the grandpas and the elderly, Father.
They will not live a broken, busted life; they'll finish their days out on this earth with great victory—with a sound mind.
They won't be forgetful.
They don't have forgetful thoughts.
They don't go, 'Well, I forgot that.
I don't remember that.
' They remember it; they have a sharp, sound mind.
And we thank you, Lord, that the best is yet to come financially for people.
Father, they say recession, and we see it, but God, you told me we'd have a window—not depression, recession, or a hard landing.
No, we will have a victory as the body of Christ.
We believe, Father, that finances are turning around and that we will have a golden age.
Father, we're not going into this with nothing; we're going in victorious, being the light and the salt to the earth, so that when people see us, they say there's something different about them.
Father, we're carriers of the glory.
We're not visitors.
Diana, like she said, we're not visitors; we're carriers.
We're carriers of the glory and the anointing in this house.
We are carriers of the glory; I'm not just going to visit there.
Father, I thank you.
We're carriers of the glory today.
We're carriers of you.
Father, we treat this body, this temple, as special because we know you live on the inside of us and we're wall-to-wall.
Holy Spirit, I thank you, Lord, that there's less of me and always more of you today.
Thank you, Father.
Glory to God for the days of open doors—open doors of opportunity for greater works, reaching the lost.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Father, anything you want to show us, anything you want to reveal to us, we lift it up before you.
Father, you lead, we follow; it's the dance.
And Father, we yield ourselves over to you in the name of Jesus.
I'm seeing Israel right now.
I keep seeing glimpses of Israel: surprise attacks, surprise retaliation.
It's like a powderkeg waiting to take off again.
It's almost like a false flag event trying to provoke it.
I don't totally trust this.
This is bigger—trying to provoke it to escalate it with Iran wanting an agenda on purpose, asking for an excuse.
Knowing that Iran has these weapons and technology, but looking for a reason and an excuse to attack—an open door, like 'You struck first, now we strike.
' Not being the person who's starting it, but saying, 'Hey, you started the fight; we're going to finish it.
' We need a way to start this.
That very bad provoking...
I see who it is.
I want you to remember what I saw about the gas prices and the oil pipelines in Iran, a crumbling of the infrastructure financially on a greater level, and the oil and the gas in the Mediterranean that I talked about just a little bit ago.
This was the gas lines in America like the 1970s gas wars.
Braden, supply and demand.
We create a demand so that we can meet the supply.
We created the demand on purpose to make this flourish in our economy and in theirs.
Cutting off funding from someone else to steal from over here to pull from here—it's war tactics.
Now I'm seeing the red dawn inside again.
I just saw the people in the hidden cells in America; the enemy within.
They must count the cost because what they're playing with is fire, and it's highly expensive.
Don't let ego and pride get in the way.
Saul did this.
A provoking on purpose.
Trying to find an excuse; I keep hearing it inside: 'You struck first blood.
' Looking for an avenue to do what they want to do even at the cost of this.
We thank you, Lord.
Today, Father, we thank you that they consider the cost of what they're planning, for it is very expensive.
They consider the cost and it's weighed heavy.
This isn't just playing army; this isn't playing war.
This is real life with real lives.
So we pray over the Israeli troops, the men and women of the armed forces, and the citizens.
The people will see through.
Father, we thank you over our servicemen and women in every branch of the military.
We pray a hedge of protection and we call for wisdom.
I don't usually touch stuff like this, but I saw with our own CIA—remember the JFK files and all the things that are being linked right now, being puppet masters in other people's governments—and I saw one of those hypnotic wheels spinning.
It was a yellow and black hypnotic wheel.
When you're spinning it, it makes you focus and go in that weird state.
I could see the black and it was spinning on a wheel, but it was hypnotic; it was yellow and black.
A yellow-black wheel coming from the CIA.
I know this is code for something.
There's more to what I've been seeing, but because it's public, I don't feel wise to say some of these things.
It's not smart for me.
We say goodbye to April and we press on toward May.
I see shredded documents like confetti paper.
Somebody is shredding important papers to cover their tracks, shredding evidence.
There is an uncovering of things.
This administration in the United States of America is going to get its hand more into Ukraine.
They are shredding evidence as these mineral deals come into full manifestation.
Other things will come alongside this: side deals and other branches.
It is like a vine, with the main mineral deal as the source and many twigs and branches representing different avenues of wealth and infrastructure, a realigning of an infrastructure over Ukraine.
Rebuilding things and construction contracts—I see Ukraine shredding papers.
It is hiding things involving Democratic politicians and some Republicans.
I am not going to name names, but these are people of great influence.
There are bad people in the Republican party and a bunch in the Democratic party; they are just as guilty.
This shredding of papers is a cover-up.
This is going to be bigger than what you see.
It is similar to how they said they would build Gaza back better, building hotels and using it as a front.
Putin is not happy about this.
It is going to provoke more war.
They say, "Oh no, we are not getting totally in; we are just helping to fix war-torn areas.
" But it is deeper; it is a hook for their own interest.
The art of the deal.
Glory to God.
The Lord said, "Some of the politicians you see have vast wealth that you do not know they have.
" It is not in the public eye.
There are some very corrupt people, and it goes clear into Africa.
These are powerful people with no checks and balances, no accountability.
But the Lord says, "I hold them accountable.
" They think they are deceiving, but a day of great judgment is coming that will bring them to their knees.
They may run and hide, but they are not hiding from Him.
Now I see Canada again and the politicians up there.
This must be widespread throughout the whole world—people getting into politics to do bad things, corrupt people.
Thank you, Lord, that all hidden things be revealed and the darkness exposed.
Even with those papers being shredded, You will expose the darkness.
I am calling for whistleblowers like the Edward Snowdens of the world who expose the darkness.
We are praying to change corrupt governments that are provoking war on a scale beyond people's control, playing God.
These are puppet masters acting out of arrogance and pride like Saul.
They think they can do things without repercussions, poking bears because they do not value human life.
To them, the men and women who serve in the armed forces are expendable.
These people are sick and themselves intoxicated with power.
They lose themselves in a demonic spirit.
As they provoke other nations, they do not look at the repercussions.
They are playing chess on a very dangerous scale.
Pray for peace over Jerusalem.
Pray that nothing triggers a response to retaliate against Iran, even a false flag or a black swan event.
If you are new to my channel, we pray.
I tell you what the Lord is showing me.
Nothing is done on the earth without it being revealed to the prophetic voices first, and I believe God has called me to be a watchman for this hour.
I am bothered by what I just saw.
I have family in the service who serve this country with pride and love, and it is sad to see leaders who do not value life.
We have to vote these people out.
Subscribe and click the notification bell if you haven't.
We pray this video blessed you.
We will be back tomorrow to pray.
We are lifting up the name of Jesus and expecting change.
Jesus has a plan for our lives.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.
God bless you all.